Lord Zhang
I have one thing to tell you
Yes, Lord Suzaku
It's that trash
How dare he impersonate the king?
He also sat on the throne exclusive to the king
I hope you will cut off your income.
Please go out and participate in Duan Qisheng Road
Duan Qisheng Road Section Qisheng Road
Duan Qisheng Road
You mean let me exercise his life
It's princess shoelaces.
It's that trash
He is all the sins of my Xiao family
After my Xiao family gave up going out
Still under the banner of my Xiao family
Cheating outside
Today is a mistake again and again
Offend the king
sin is unforgivable
Lord Zhu Qun, why did you hit me?
Lord Chen, you hit the wrong person.
The apron belongs to the dog thing on the stage.
I use you to help me
Concubine wronged
What? This trash is really Lord Wang?
Impossible how is it possible
aggrieved lord
How could it be that trash?
It's fake.
This is impossible hahahaha
I don't believe it.
Xiao Chen
You are really the king
clear snow
I am Fearless
But more importantly, I'm your husband
He is also Yaoyao's father
Dad is a big hero
Don't worry, I will always be by your side.
Protect you
I will make up for the mistakes I made back then with a lifetime
These people clean up for me
Ladies and gentlemen, today is the king's banquet
It is also my wedding banquet with Qingxue
The moon is full tonight
I can't wait to get drunk